feat(curriculum): add Block 15 of the B1 stage of the English Curriculum (#59354)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-manage-a-conversation/67f06dd4633a5cab7dfb721a.md

---
id: 67f06dd4633a5cab7dfb721a
title: Task 124
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-124
---

<!-- (Audio) Brian: Anything else you'd like to discuss? Sarah: Not for now. Thanks, Brian. I appreciate the update. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

What else does Sarah want to discuss with Brian?

## --answers--

She doesn't have anything else to discuss right now.

---

She wants to talk about the budget.

### --feedback--

Sarah does not mention the budget.

---

She needs to discuss the integration issues in more detail.

### --feedback--

Sarah does not mention other details concerning the integration.

---

She's going to send him more questions later.

### --feedback--

That's not mentioned. Sarah ends the conversation politely without saying she will follow up.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

`Not for now` means that there's nothing more to say or do at the present time, but it doesn't close the door to discussing more in the future. It's a polite way to pause or end a conversation. For example:

> - Person A: `Do you have any questions?`
> 
> - Person B: `Not for now, thanks.` – This means the person has no questions at the moment, but might have some later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Person 1: `Do you have any questions?`

- Person 2: `Not for now, thanks.` – This means the person has no questions at the moment, but might have some later.
```
